05ab1e
0815
1c enterprise
256
2b
420
4gl
4test
4thdimension
8th
a++
abap
abc
acidic
acpi
acronym
acs
actionscript
actionscript flashmx
actionscript2
actionscript3
ada
advpl
aeolbonn
aeolbonn
agda
aheui
aime
aiml
alaguf
alda
algae
algol w
algol60
algol68
alore
amiga e
amos
android
angelscript
angular
angularjs
ante
antlang
apc
apex
apl
applescript
arc
arduino
arena
argh
arnoldc
artificial intelligence
asciidots
ash
asm2bf
asp
aspectj
assember hp 85
assembler 6502
assembler 6502appleii
assembler 6502c64
assembler 6809vectrex
assembler 8048 videopac
assembler arm
assembler atari2600
assembler bootsect
assembler dcpu16
assembler fasm dos
assembler hla
assembler ibm360
assembler intel
assembler lc 3
assembler m68000 amigaos
assembler masm dos
assembler masm win32
assembler masm win64
assembler mips
assembler mmix
assembler nasm freebsd
assembler nasm linux
assembler nasm linux64
assembler nasm macho64
assembler nasm win32
assembler pdp10 midas
assembler pdp11 palx
assembler tasm dos
assembler tms9900 ti99 4a
assembler vax ultrix
assembler z80 knightos
assembler z80 ti83calculator
assembler z80 zxspectrum
ats2
attache
autohotkey
autoit
avisynth
awful
awk
aws
b
baik
ballerina
bash
basic
basic 256
batch
batch
batsh
battlestar
bcpl
beatnik
beef
befunge
bennugd
beta
binaryfuck
birl
bit
bitbitjump
bitsbox
blackrum
blc
blitz3d
bloop
blub
bolgefuck
boo
boolfuck
bosque
brainfuck
brainfuck 2d
brainloller
broccoli
brzrk
burlesque
byter
c
c++
caml
cardinal
casio basic
cat
cbot
cduce
centura
ceylon
cgi
chapel
cheddar
chef
chicken
cil
clean
clips
clisp
clojure
cobol
cobra
coconut
coffeescript
coldfusion
common lisp
concurnas
continuesequation
control language
cool
cor
cow
crystal
csh
csharp
cson
css
cuda
cuneiform
curry
cypherneo4j
d
dark
dart
data science
db2
dc
dcl
dd dd
decimal
delphi
delphi
deno
dis
divzeros
dna sharp
dna#
dogescript
dogo
dongbei
dos
draco
dreammaker
drive in window
dtrace
dup
dylan
dyvil
ebuild
ec
echolisp
efene
egl
eiffel
elena
elixir
elixir
elm
emacslisp
emmental
emojicode
emoticon
enkelt
eoool
erlang
erlang escript
euphoria
express
factor
factors
falcon
false
fancy
fantom
fennel
ferite
fetlang
fim++
fish
fjoelnir
flascript
flask
flutter
fob
focal
fog.fog
foo
forobj
forth
fortob
fortran
fortran77
fourier
fractran++
freebrain
frink
fsharp
fstar
gaml
gammaplex
gasoil
gdscript
gecho
gentzen
geojson
gibberish
glass
gml
go
golfscript
golo
googleappscript
gosu
gosu
graphql
gravity
green marl
gri
gridscript
grin
groovy
gui4cli
hack
haml
haskell
haxe
hello
hello++
hex
hexish
higher subleq
hodor
hollow
holyc
homespring
hop
hq9+
html
hubot
huf
hy
hypertalk
i5
ibm1401
icedcoffeescript
ici
icon
idl
idris
il
incal
indec
inform
ink
inkling
intercal
io
ioke
iot
irc
iscom
islisp
j
jade
jai
jasmin
jason
java
javascript
jess
js
jsfuck
json
jsoniq
jsx
judoscript
julia
jython
k
karel
kiml
kipple
kitten
koberi c
kotlin
ksh
labyrinth
lassoscript
latex
lazyk
lcoffee
less
leszek
limbo
lingo
lisaac
lisp
livescript
llvm
lnusp
locomotive basic
logicode
logo
logtalk
lola
lolcode
lolpython
lotusscript
lsl
lua
lua grimex
m4
machine learning
maclisp
macsyma
magic
make
malbolge
markdown
mathematica
mathematica online
matlab
maxscript
mel
meq
mercury
milkscript
minecraft
mips
mirc
mmmm()
modiscript
modula 2
modula 3
mongo
monte
moo
moonscript
morsecode
mouse
move
mozart
muf
mumps
mushcode
myrddin
mysql
nadeshiko
neko
nemerle
newtonscript
nice
nim
nit
node
node js
nodejs
not
novice
nu
nwscript
nxc
oberon
oberon 2
obix
obj
object pascal
objective c
objective j
objectstar
ocaml
octave
omgrofl
ooc
ook
opa
openlaszlo
oraclesql
orc
oz
parenthetic
parser
pascal
pauscal
pawn
pb
pbwin
pebble
perl
perl
perl6
perseus
pharo
php
picat
piet
pig
pikalang
pike
pit
pizza
plain text
please porige hot
pli
plsql
pluvo
polynomial
pony
portugol
postcss
postgresql
postscript
postscript page
posxml
potaka
potigol
powershell
processing
profan
prolog
promela
providex
pug
pure data
purebasic
purescript
pyret
python
python3
q
qbasic
qcl
qore
qsharp
qu
quakec
quartzcomposer
qugord
quorum
qwerty
r
racket
radixal
raffalang
ratfor
react
react360
reactjs
readlink
realbasic
reason
rebol
rebol
recurse
red
redis
refal
restructuredtext
retro
rexx
richtea
ride
ring
rivescript
rockstar
roco
roy
rpg
rpg iv
rtl2
ruby
ruota
rust
s algol
sacred
sal
sas
sass
sather
scala
scheme
schwift
scilab
scss
sed
seed
seed7
self
semicolon
sendstuff
setanta
shakespeare
shell
shen
sidekiq
sil
simpl+
simula
skip
skript
slashes
slim
smali
smalltalk
smalltalk gnu
smil
sml
snowman
solidity
soupscript
sparql
spoon
spss
sql
squirrel
standard ml
stanza
starlark
streem
stuck
stuck 0byte
stylus
subleq
supercollider
svelte
svg
swift
systemtap
tao presentations
tapebagel
tcl
tcsh
telephone
terra
tex
thp
thue
ti hexadecimal
tibasic
tk
tri
trollscript
trumpscript
tsql
ttcn3
turing
turing
typescript
ubercode
ubiquity
umajin
unicomal
unlambda
v
v
vala
vbnet
velato
verbose
verbosefuck
verilog
verve
vhdl
vi
vimscript
virgil
visual basic
visual basic for applications
visual basic script
visualfoxpro
vjass
vms
vowels
vrml
vue
web development
wenyan
wheat
whenever
whirl
whitespace
wikitext
wml
wolframlanguage
wren
wsh
x d
xbase
xbase++
xl
xlisp
xlogo
xml
xpl0
xquery
xrf
xslt
xul
y
yaml
yolang
yoptascript
zbd
zepto
zetaplex
zim
zimbu
zinc
zombie
zonnon
zsh
μλ
